Hey kid, you got it right.
This is Yotta's vlog on a blog.
Catch it with us now.
There it is.
Oh, I do love the new introduction.
That is priceless.
Okay.
So we put the Wookiee to work and
Wookiee is now introducing the one and
only blog on a blog.
We're now in our fourth iteration of it,
are we not?
this is tracking them by date yeah i
i think this is uh is pretty uh
spectacular what we're doing here is we're
combining the uh the uh worst of uh
of two bad worlds you know today uh
blogging has uh become such uh a uh
an exercise of uh of treading uh
muck and a cesspool, particularly with X.
But throughout the various platforms,
social media platforms,
there's just so much rubbish out there.
But occasionally,
you run across an interesting post,
and you can comment on it.
Occasionally,
a few people might even see your comment
on an interesting post.
But what we have found,
most people just don't read anymore.
I mean,
this this post here from the New York
Post, which, of course,
is posting on on on Facebook,
has like fifteen words.
So it's way beyond interesting.
the readership of most people.
But nevertheless,
what we've decided to do is since the
vlogging is popular and I have noticed
that you don't have to have much of
an IQ to participate in vlogging or to
be a vlogger or to listen to vlogging.
It is,
Very popular.
So we're going to do our continuation of
the vlog on a blog and speak to
a blog post.
I actually think it's here.
I've been poofooing it,
but I actually think it's an interesting
format.
I enjoy this format because what you can
do is bring up a news item and
you can talk about it.
And I think it's a much more interesting
way to go about this.
Many, many years ago, I had a
a syndicated radio program called
Shattering Myths.
And I would do this in radio land
where I would clip news stories.
I used to read fifteen,
twenty newspapers a day and I would clip
the interesting news stories and I would
read a line or two from the story
and then
tell listeners what the truth was behind
these events that they were reading.
And so that's what we're going to try
to do here.
The first post that you have up,
of course, from the New York Post,
is that Hamas had tons of baby formula
to damage Israel with starvation claims,
Palestinian activist claims.
Surprise, surprise.
Well, first of all,
Yeah.
First of all, it was not tons.
I've seen the pictures.
I've seen even videos of the whole
surrounding.
And it looks like there's a couple of
pallets that may have fallen off a truck
and then they were subsequently buried.
But the fact is that the Muslims in
Gaza are not that industrious.
So the idea of them taking tons of
baby formula and hiding it,
they would much prefer to put it in
have somebody else put it in a guarded
warehouse and let it rot there,
then they would go through all of that
industry to bury it.
Muslims don't do that kind of work.
And so it's being repeated that it's tons
of baby formula when it's probably a few
pallets that fell off a truck.
But that's not the story that I want
to talk about.
What I want to talk about is
goes right back to the core of all
of this.
And it's something that I had come to
the conclusion regarding and then had it
verified by Senwar himself.
Senwar, yeah, Senwar is, you're correct.
Senwar actually wrote a letter to his
operatives on the day of October seven.
And what he told them to do
had nothing to do with the idea of
being the invaders.
They weren't trying to claim land.
They weren't trying to conquer Israel.
They weren't trying to defeat a military.
They had no military objective.
The entire objective was to be savage,
was to rape, to plunder, to torture,
to abduct.
and to do those things so brutally and
so savagely that Israel would be goaded
into the response that we have witnessed,
which is the obliteration of Gaza.
That was the intent of al-Asqa flood.
It's not something that many people,
in fact,
I may be the only person that recognizes
this,
that the intent of al-Asqa flood was
singular.
And that was to bait Israel into,
to play Israel,
such that Israel's response would be to
destroy Gaza.
And so this idea of blaming Israel for
starving Gazans and for obliterating Gaza
as a war crime and as genocide,
that was the purpose.
And Israel took the bait.
And you might say, well,
how is that even possible?
Well,
of course that's possible because there is
no way that the Gazan Muslims,
even combined with the West Bank Muslims,
let's call them by the term they would
like to use,
it's actually Judea and Samaria,
but the Muslims inside and surrounding
Israel have demonstrated to themselves in
failed wars that they cannot conquer
Israel.
So there is no way they're going to
conquer Israel in a traditional battle.
So all they can do is weaken Israel
such that Israel becomes indefensible.
And then they've come up with a strategy
that they will deploy again because it
worked.
And that was the strategy of Alaska Flood.
What you do is it doesn't matter that
you're outgunned with airplanes and with
helicopters and with tanks and with
personnel,
armored personnel carriers and this sort
of thing.
They sent in four thousand jihadists,
most of whom were not even Hamas,
most of whom walked in in tennis shoes
and blue jeans and were very lightly
armed.
And they sent them in to be Muslims,
to do as Allah does throughout the Quran,
to be torturous.
Because what they realized is that by
abducting Jews, by killing Jews,
by raping Jews,
that they would cause Israel to respond to
this way.
And when Israel destroyed Gaza,
it isolated Israel from the world.
Israel was already playing a losing hand
in terms of public relations.
I'd already had the United Nations,
which exists now solely to dehumanize
Jews, demonize Jews.
And so we already had this rise of
anti-Semitism that was taking place around
the world.
This lit the fire.
The images of seeing Gaza destroyed and
the fact that Israel has all these fancy
war planes and bombs and tanks and the
Gazans have essentially nothing caused the
world to say that Israel was a brute
and therefore Israel should be isolated.
And what it ultimately is going to cause
is a fake Estonian Islamic state to be
carved out of Israel.
which will make Israel indefensible.
The prophets spoke about it.
They said it was going to happen over
the next six months,
as a matter of fact.
And so this is what Israel did.
They were baited into destroying their
reputation in the world by destroying
Gaza.
And at the time that October seventh
occurred back in over two years ago,
I remember watching it as I was
translating Zephaniah's prophecies
regarding Gaza.
And I knew exactly what Israel was going
to do.
I mean,
just watching the fact that Israel was so
unprepared that it took the IDF a day
to respond,
it was obvious that what Israel was going
to do,
the IDF was going to make up for
its complete and utter failure by pounding
Gaza.
They were going to invade Gaza.
And I said that the moment they do
that and they think they can win a
religious war with bullets and bombs,
they will destroy Israel because you
cannot win a religious war with bullets
and bombs.
You make more of them than you kill.
And at this point,
there are just as many Islamic terrorists,
gun-toting Islamic terrorists in Gaza as
there were before.
And that is not going to change.
You cannot remove the Islam from Gaza.
And therefore,
you cannot disarm or remove Hamas,
which is the most Islamic organization in
Gaza.
It's impossible.
And they've been doing it now for two
years.
And like an insane child,
they're continuing to say,
we're going to do it.
That's what we're going to do in this
next phase.
We're going to disarm Hamas.
No, you're not.
Yeah, you've been doing it for two years.
And all you've done is make a bad
situation worse.
You destroyed Gaza,
turned the world against you.
And now it's your responsibility to feed
people who want to kill you.
And there is no solution to this.
And so Israel has destroyed its reputation
around the world.
It's isolated itself from around the
world.
And it's put itself in an impossible
position.
And it was out thunk.
by Muslims.
And the Muslims in Gaza have average IQs
of about sixty.
And they out-strategized the Jews.
They played the Jews for fools.
It's unconscionable.
And I recall that morning saying,
this is what you're going to do.
This will fail.
This will be the result of what you
were going to do.
And I gave Israel a five-point plan and
said, if you do this instead,
you'll prevail.
They didn't do any one of those things.
They did the very thing that I've
foretold would cause them to be in this
predicament.
And they're there now.
And it got so bad that Israel now
is a vassal of Donald J. Trump.
And he is the most disgusting human being
on the planet and the least reliable.
What a terrible position to put themselves
in.
But that's what they did.
So they can protest all they want that
Hamas hid baby formula.
Okay, no one's going to care.
That ship has long sailed.
Israel lost the war of public opinion,
and they destroyed themselves when they
bombed Gaza into oblivion,
and they continue to pursue unwinnable war
goals.
Oh, God, I want to barf.
I mean, just look at this.
You don't like donuts?
Oh, well, no,
I don't actually like jelly donuts, no.
You can have the jelly donuts.
The thing that's disgusting to me,
they got their Messiah flag there.
They have no idea who the Messiah is.
He's the central figure in the entire
story that Yahweh tells.
From the Torah all the way through the
end of the prophets,
the single most important figure is the
Messiah,
and they don't even know who the hell
he is.
The message was delivered in Hebrew to
them in person by their own people,
And they can't read it and figure out
who the damn Messiah is.
Not damn Messiah,
he's a hell of a good guy.
I like him, my buddy.
But their Messiah is insane as their
Hashem God.
You know, they're talking about,
may Hashem bless you.
No, there is no Hashem.
God's name is Yahweh.
You should be able to read it.
He included his name almost seven thousand
times in his Torah prophets and Psalms.
And the Messiah is Dode.
He is your former and returning king.
He is the Messiah.
He's also the son of God.
And a menorah, maybe you can't count,
but it has seven candles.
Everything that Yahweh does is six plus
one.
It has seven candles.
This piece of crap has nine because you've
turned a religious civil war into your
culture's folklore.
All you had here was two rival sides
vying for who's gonna control the
priesthood.
And you woven a Greek defiance into the
story and yet you even call your houses
of worship now synagogues after the
goddamn Greeks.
So you're absolutely insane in all of
this.
The whole thing was a fairy tale.
The menorah has seven candles.
To put nine on it is an insult
to God.
To change God's name from Yahweh to Hashem
is an insult to God.
And to fly a flag that you're expecting
a Messiah to come back and you don't
even know his name and you don't know
when he's gonna come back.
And you've got a Goy that's telling you
his name is Dod.
He is your former king.
He's the guy that Yahweh said three times
to anoint his Messiah.
And he knows the exact minute of the
exact day that he's going to return.
And you're clueless.
What's wrong with you?
Yeah, NACRI figured it out, right?
Right.
NACRI figured it out and they can't.
By the way, it's six twenty two p.m.
as the sun sets in Jerusalem on the
second of October twenty thirty three.
is the moment that Dode is returning as
the king of forever.
And he's returning with this fellow named
Yahweh, who just so happens to be God.
And at that moment, every religious Jew,
every religious Christian and Muslim,
every Marxist, every anti-Semite,
every conspiratorialist on the planet will
be
gone.
So you may want to drop the religious
crap before that time if you want to
survive this next eight years.
Or you can play with your dreidel and
eat your jelly donut.
I say the dreidel's a little benign,
isn't it?
I mean,
do we have anything on the dreidel?
Yeah.
A children's gambling game.
I don't know.
Dreidel, dreidel.
You know, it's all tied in with Hanukkah,
so I'm
How would it be any different than putting
an ornament on a Christmas tree?
I don't know.
Goodness.
Oh yeah, this is quite the picture.
You don't very often see the horror
of what the two witnesses face when they
come to Jerusalem on April eighteenth,
I believe,
is the is the day it is be
the fourteenth of Abib in year and twenty
thirty is when they arrive.
And if you look at this this picture,
you see that hideous boil called the Dome
of the Rock,
which is a Islamic trophy saying,
ha ha ha,
our God is better than your God.
we put our trophy right on top of
the temple of your God.
It's nothing but a trophy.
And it's a trophy to utter stupidity
because it's Mohammed that claimed that he
flew from a bed where at the time
he was sixty-six and he was in bed
with a six-year-old girl.
And he had just gone through the
embarrassment of the satanic verses.
And so he was looking for an excuse
to get out of town because he was
a lapping stock.
Twelve years of preaching,
he had like three followers,
and his primary follower was the man whose
daughter he was molesting.
And so this stalwart of an individual
imagined that night that he rode on a
winged ass.
That would have been quite a sight to
see an ass on an ass, but nonetheless,
that's what he claimed,
a winged ass al-Baraq.
And he leapt from Cabaville, which,
by the way, was not Mecca.
It was Petra.
He leapt from Cabaville, due north,
to the Temple Mount,
where he claims he met,
inside the temple with the big shots of
Jewish history.
Now, he didn't know,
because he wasn't very smart,
that the city was named Jerusalem,
but he didn't know that.
He didn't know that the temple had been
destroyed because he wasn't there and he
was really a stupid, illiterate idiot.
And so he didn't know the temple had
been destroyed six hundred years prior to
all of this.
And he didn't know that everybody that he
said that he met with from Adam and
Moshe and Doge, Solomon, you know,
the Noah, the like,
didn't know that they had been dead for
anywhere from hundreds of years to
thousands of years.
He wasn't very bright, as I said.
And when he finally got here,
that's why that dome is there,
is to commemorate where the winged ass
When it arrived in Jerusalem,
that is where the Hufi print is.
So it's the dome of the Hufi print.
Where the Hufi print is,
where the winged ass left up to go
visit Allah,
which means that you couldn't get to
Allah, obviously, from the Kaaba.
You had to come to Jerusalem and the
Temple Mount to get to Allah,
which is a little glitch in their problem.
But I guess if you're flying winged asses,
who cares about it?
Right, exactly.
right don't sweat the small stuff right uh
and and on the way to allah guess
where where the uh the barack and muhammad
had to travel hell oh they go through
hell right yeah oh yeah go through hell
you have to go through hell to get
to allah uh well it makes sense because
every depiction of allah in the quran he
is in hell torturing people might make him
satan if you were saying but what the
hell don't sweat the details
So he gets into heaven and he finds
that there's two things in heaven.
One is there's really, or hell,
there's this really hot looking babe.
And he just lusts all over for this
hot looking babe.
And the hot looking babe happens to be
his adopted son's wife.
And he says, you know,
something's going to happen, man.
I'm going to, I'm going to get you.
You're going to be mine.
That would be incest in most people's
books.
But again, we just don't,
we don't apply the details to Muhammad's
life.
You'd go crazy if you did.
So anyway,
everybody else there was hanging from
their breasts by meat hooks,
being tortured.
Oh yeah.
Being tortured.
Um,
Evidently,
hell and Islam is a physical realm.
It's not a place where souls go.
It's a place where physical bodies go.
And they're being tortured.
And they weren't being tortured because
they weren't Muslims.
They weren't being tortured because they
hadn't capitulated to Allah.
No,
they'd be tortured because they weren't
grateful to the men in their lives.
What the meaning is, if you're a woman,
you either capitulate to the demeaning
treatment that you're receiving from men,
or you're going to be hung by your
breast forever in hell.
A lovely religion.
No upside.
That's why that dome exists.
It needs to be destroyed.
If Israel had any character,
it would destroy that dome.
Now the building that's right above the
green light,
the green light is where they're doing the
archeological digs and taking us back to
seventh, eighth,
ninth century BCE and to what Jerusalem
was back then.
But to the right of that,
there's a continuation of the wall.
And this, by the way, it's all the,
the wall of Herod.
So this Herod was a disgusting pro-Roman
dictator.
And so to be praying to stones that
were laid at the direction of Herod is
reprehensible by itself.
And you can see all the Jews lined
up there in that mass to venerate a
wall of Herod.
that was created by a man that oppressed
God's people, collaborating with Romans.
But above that,
you can see there is the mosque and
you see the minaret,
the prayer tower of it.
That's Alaska Mosque.
The last attack on Israel that was so
brutal was called Alaska Flood.
If Israel had any confidence,
any character, any courage,
The morning after Alaska flood,
I would have at least made the offer
to the Muslims in Gaza saying,
you can return all of the hostages and
everyone who took them can surrender.
And I may not take down Alaska Mosque.
I may not, I might,
but I may not.
But if you don't, I will.
And I would have.
I would have absolutely destroyed Alaska
Mosque.
I would have raised the Dome of the
Rock.
And I would have prevented Muslims from
ever stepping foot on the Temple Mount
again.
And I wouldn't have given a hoot what
the world said about it.
I would have fought the war very
differently.
I would have given every resident of
Israel a copy of Goddamn Religion.
It's five volumes.
Here's volume three of five.
It's four thousand two hundred and fifty
pages.
It is the single best weapon that could
possibly be wielded against Islam.
It is irrefutable.
It destroys the credibility of the
religion.
It made it easy for them to prevail.
And that is the weapon I would have
fired is intelligence.
It's words wielded wisely.
But anyway, those two,
actually there's three blights there.
The blight of Jews worshiping the stones
that were laid by Herod,
a man who was horrid towards them.
the dome of the Hufi print,
that gold top boil that needs to be
lanced,
and then Alaska Mosque in the corner.
The other thing that's just interesting
when I see a picture like this is
that where does God expect Elia and myself
to be positioned as we arrive there as
the two witnesses?
So it is an interesting thing if you're
speaking to,
Israel,
the best position would be above Hadrian's
Wall, not Hadrian's,
but Herod's Wall there, the Western Wall.
That would be the most prominent position
that you could be in.
So it's been interesting to see.
I do know that God is going to
destroy the Alaska Mosque and the Dome of
the Rock and all other religious trappings
on the Temple Mount.
It'll be completely scorched of all of
those religious artifacts and things.
trophies,
and then he is going to establish the
tent of the restoring witness is going to
be put where it belongs.
So I do know that that is how
it's going to be dressed at the time
of our arrival.
I told him, yeah,
I have no problem doing what he wants
me to do,
but I am allergic to religious shrines,
so that's going to have to go.
And I said, no problem.
That's really easy to negotiate with when
you ask for things that he wants to
do.
That he wants, right?
Yeah, it really works out nicely.
I've never found one time where God didn't
say, sure, I'm happy to accommodate that.
You just ask for things that you know
that he wants.
But anyway,
it's an interesting perspective as to
where we're going to be.
And I've always thought that the most
likely spot was right there in the middle
of what's called that Western Wailing
Wall, right above it,
looking down on the...
the crowds that are going to be so,
uh, belligerent.
Yeah.
I don't see there's any way that,
that the tent is erected there with the,
the mosque and, and, and the boil,
you know, there,
there's absolutely no way.
No, none, none.
And we know above the two witnesses,
God's going to have the scroll.
That's the, uh, the Nash.
Uh,
it's going to be a giant scroll that,
that, um, um,
It's suspended in the air above them.
That's going to be programs like this.
And it's also going to be excerpts from
Yada Yawa and the Torah and the prophets
are all going to be there.
He is going to raise the Ark of
the Covenant for all to see.
The Ten Statements in stone are going to
be held up for the world to see.
He's not going to expose that stuff to
all of that religious crap.
So it's going to go away.
And the sacrifice of the Anima Parah takes
place in front of the
the Tent of the Restoring Witness.
God's not going to establish the final
home for his name and for the covenant
family until Dode has the opportunity to
do that.
That won't be until Yom Kippurim,
October second, twenty thirty three.
So it's going to be a Tent of
the Restoring Witness.
The Ark of the Covenant will be stored
there as well.
That's where I think we'll camp out during
this time.
And it will be three years.
Yeah,
it's going to be very close to where
the Dome of the Rock is.
And then there will be the altar where
the Adam of Parah is a sacrifice that
will be on the west side of it
overlooking the Mount of Olives.
So that's the various layout.
One of the things I don't quite know,
and it's just an interesting thought as we
look again at this picture,
is that the
Elia will have already been in Shamaim,
his soul,
with Yahweh for two thousand eight hundred
and eighty eight years.
I'm not certain that I'm that Elia is
going to have his soul put into a
temporary body for that three and a half
years and that we're going to find that
Elia is wholly an earth bound soul.
man at that point.
And you and I will have been up
in Shamaim for three,
three and a half years at that point.
And when you're taken from this world and
your physical body is gone and you're
enveloped with light and energy and you're
elevated all the way into seven
dimensions,
to then take your soul,
which is liberated in all of this,
empowered and enriched by all of this,
and put it back into a physical body
temporarily to form a purpose.
Well, I can see that to an extent.
I'm still convinced that we're at the
level that YAH was taking us.
There'll be way too much of us to
have all of us put into a physical
body again.
And so I'm thinking that we will,
our primary consciousness, our soul,
the majority of who we are will stay
in Shamaim and it'll be a projection of
us.
of our soul's consciousness that will be
projected through those and those bodies.
It's why they're one of the reasons
they'll be so impervious no matter what
people shoot at them or throw at them
or say to them or do to them.
You could nuke them and they would just,
why'd you bother?
So yeah,
it's interesting to see how all that will
play out.
And I happen to be a fan of
the projected nephesh because
The role is on the far side in
the darkness there of where the shadow of
the dome of the Huffy print is.
That's where the altar will be for the
sacrifice of the Adam of Parah.
And since that is something I get to
endure,
my preference would be that it's not all
of me that is there.
But, you know,
we'll see how God plays it out.
I'll tell you one thing.
At this point,
I ain't going to argue with him.
He's going to say he's going to do
it this way.
I'll say it.
Yes, sir.
Let's go.
Put me in coach.
We've come this far.
We're going to finish the job for,
for darn sure.
You know, we're going to finish the job.
So anyway, that's it.
Just all interesting to think about,
but that is going to be, um,
major terraformed what you're looking at
there and ultimately you know god at the
during the fulfillment of yom teruah he's
going to release torrents of water from
underneath the uh the temple mount there's
going to be a fire that's going to
the flames are going to reach up into
the heavens uh the ash from
The body of the Adam of Parah is
going to mix with the water and the
searing flames,
and it's going to purge the mortal remnant
of Israel.
The mortal remnant is going to be all
around the temple mount,
recognizing that all the religious stuff
at that point will be purged and gone
away.
So you'll have much more access to it.
It'll hold a much larger contingent of
people.
But it's going to be an interesting site.
The greatest...
greatest viewpoint will be on the slopes
overlooking this from the east side on the
Mount of Olives.
So the opposite vantage point that is
here,
this is a south
A west vantage point with a drone and
a due east vantage point will be the
most interesting.
That's why both Yawa and Dode,
when they return,
are going to return from the proximity of
the Mount of Olives because that gives you
a frontal view of all of this.
You know, there's people that do the...
uh the explosion of the alaska mosque and
the dome of the huffy print which are
going to be destroyed and then the uh
re-establishment of their temples and they
they first they have the temple being of
stone again it's not going to be of
stone this time it's going to be of
light
And they have it with the opening facing
the south, but it doesn't face the south.
It faces the east.
And so they always have their angles
wrong.
But, you know,
what are you going to expect for people?
Details, details, right?
Details matter to me.
That's AI.
You're right.
AI is not necessarily very smart.
I'll just be happy not to be hungry
when we come back.
Three years living in a tent,
I'll be happy just not to be hungry
and not to be cold and anything else
I can take.
So as long as I'm not hungry and
cold,
it's like a little ache and pain here
and there, I'll be okay with.
Yeah,
but I do think we're going to be
living in that tent for a while.
We'll see how the accommodations work out.
Put us up in the King David Hotel?
I don't know.
I don't think so.
Personally, no, I don't.
Well, we'll see what Yahweh has in mind.
But anyway, that is the scene.
Yeah, we're not going to play this,
obviously, but Return to the Garden,
this is the fourth episode.
I walked away from that program last night
realizing that what we were presenting in
this series is food for the soul.
It is so far in advance of what
anyone has perceived in two and a half
millennia.
This is how deep that was,
where the realization is that Gan Eden
represents the earth.
And Gan Eden was a brief experiment
to foreshadow what was going to happen
eight years from now,
when the entire earth becomes Gan Eden,
the Garden of Eden,
and where a very limited number of people
are going to be allowed in.
And there's a whole process by which those
people will be chosen and then prepared
once they're in.
And one of the things that we have
discovered is that it's God who
caused the fall of man.
He terminated the experiment in the Gan
Eden.
And he did so because Adam didn't pass
muster.
And if you want to be invited back
to the Gan Eden,
and you want to pass muster with God,
be interesting to God,
then there's certain things that you need
to do that Adam did not do.
And I think that whole perspective
is extremely enlightening and enriching.
And the bottom line is that God wants
a coworker.
The people,
everyone that God chose to engage with was
considered a coworker.
God is active.
And as one who is active,
he wants to have collaborators.
He wants people that are willing to engage
and to make things better.
It's like being in a marriage where one
person just sits around all day and say,
feed me, bathe me, pet me, scratch me,
That sort of thing.
They don't contribute anything.
It's a waste.
It's negative.
It's worse than not having the
relationship at all.
And that's what Adam was.
Adam didn't contribute anything.
And we're told
That was his primary purpose.
The second was that God wants to go
off and explore the universe,
but he can't do that with someone he
cannot trust and who is not observant.
So if you're gonna go off to explore
the universe,
you need somebody that's observant.
That was the second thing that God said.
So I want somebody that's gonna contribute
to the relationship.
work.
And number two,
I want somebody who's Shamar,
who is observant because we're going to be
explorers.
We're going to go off and explore this
universe.
We're going to have a great time checking
things out.
And then he wanted somebody who would not
just only listen,
but would respond appropriately so that he
could trust them.
And
We humans have done a really crappy job
at that, particularly Jews.
They're not listening to Yahweh.
Even when God says, listen, Yisrael,
Yahweh, your God is one,
rather than listening,
they turned it into a prayer so they
could yabber at him.
And then they erased his name and made
it Adonai.
I mean,
you couldn't be any more ignorant of what
God is asking us to do than our
religious Jews.
So this is a really interesting series.
It also equates not only Eden with Earth
as a protective enclosure conducive to
life, but it equates Gan Eden, Gan,
with Sukkah,
with verbal roots being identical in what
they describe,
such that what Sukkah represents,
the reason it's considered camping out
shelters,
is that we're being invited back to the
garden,
and the doors to the garden will be
opened
On the seventh of October,
twenty thirty three.
And the reforming,
the terraforming of the earth will begin
on Tarua fifteen days prior to that.
So that is an amazing series that I
am honored to even be part of.
Yeah, it does comprehensively.
It really shows the Ruach of Etzah and
the Ruach of Da'ath,
the actual bringing the comprehensive
picture together beautifully with,
you know,
the greater and lesser luminaries,
all of these things that are taking place
that people throughout time have...
they've been day one day two day three
individual pieces you know you're you're
the one that's finally tying them all
together says no no they're all talking
about the same thing you know they are
they are and one of the things that's
so interesting i think uh kevin is that
The focus of the garden wasn't actually
the tree of lives, the etz shamim.
And I'm delighted to be the first person
to identify the tree of lives.
It's David.
He is also the greater luminary in the
previous chapter of Genesis.
And he earned that distinction because
he fulfilled Passover,
opening the doorway to life.
And I think that is exceedingly profound
by itself.
That would be a contribution for a
lifetime.
But the story in the garden doesn't focus
on the tree of lives.
It focuses on the tree of knowledge.
And the tree of knowledge is the first
tree discussed in terms of God laying out
what's going to happen here,
actually described.
And it's the tree that they ate from
and that yielded the consequences because
they prematurely tried to avail themselves
of something that wasn't for their time.
But the tree of knowledge happens to be
the etz diath,
happens to be the lesser luminary of
Genesis one that reflects the greater
luminaries, the tree of lives, brilliance.
And more importantly,
the most interesting of all prophecies in
terms of a last day prophecy.
is that of the Choder.
There's nobody that has an entire chapter
devoted to him plus an entire proverb than
the Choder.
The Choder is the first person in human
history to be given the seven spirits of
Yahweh.
No one wants to deal with it.
They want to pretend like it's a messianic
prophecy.
Well, the Messiah is the treat of lives,
so the Choder most certainly isn't a
messianic prophecy.
And the fact of the matter is it
says right in the midst of it that
he is the Etzadaiath.
He's the tree of knowledge.
And that's why he has roots.
That's why Choder means stem.
That's why he's called an observant
branch.
That is why that he is described in
that presentation by Yahweh himself as
being a parah, fruitful.
So...
This is the tree of knowledge offering
access to the tree of lives.
That is that story.
It's among the most profoundly important
things we have ever done.
We will likely do a fifth installment
later today or tomorrow morning on the
returning to the garden.
And really, it's brilliant.
It is the fruit of the tree of
knowledge that is being offered in that
series.
Absolutely.
Yeah, I got a kick out of this.
What the headline was is that the path
of Voyager one was so precisely planned by
NASA that they went thirty seven years
without making a single trajectory
correction.
Now,
why do you think that I found that
just.
Delightful, humorous, delicious.
Because they had to rely on good old
fashioned math and not.
They did.
Voyager one was was launched in seventy
seven,
which means that it was planned beginning
in the late sixties, early seventies,
which means that the engineers that
designed that trajectory.
There weren't even calculators back then.
Calculator began is right about five,
six years before it was launched,
but the trajectory,
the planning of this was conducted on
slide rules.
And there was no AI,
there was no internet,
there were no smartphones.
The idea of a personal computer had not
been invented yet.
These guys didn't have computer terminals
at their desks.
The amount of computing knowledge that
went,
or power that went into these things is
about the same as you'd have on a
toaster oven today.
And so this was done
Up here.
Human intelligence.
And human intelligence is a pretty amazing
thing.
Thirty seven years to plot the path of
Voyager without a trajectory correction.
And now they apply supercomputers and
don't do any better.
We have so overhyped artificial
intelligence and so constrained and and
trashed.
human intelligence.
It's just a shame what we've done to
ourselves and how much brighter we once
were.
I recall a time where I was studying
Thomas Jefferson.
Because Thomas Jefferson was actually the
first to realize that Paul,
the author of the Christian New Testament,
was a complete fraud.
And I was just interested as to how
he came to that conclusion before he had
all the tools that I had to work
with.
And I particularly enjoyed Jefferson's
juxtaposition of heart and head as he was
trying to decide should he return to his
great love in France or should he do
what his head...
demanded and stayed the course and tried
to bring this new nation into fruition.
And the letters that he wrote on head
and heart and the letters that he wrote
on his
thinking that the Christian New Testament
was an absolute piece of trash,
and how he warned the person that he
had all but adopted as a son,
don't share this with anybody,
because if anybody recognizes that I have
deduced that Paul was a charlatan,
they'd have my head.
But he did,
and he also wrote vociferously on the
fatal nature of a nation having a standing
military.
For him to have a shrine that has
military honors, he would have puked.
He hated the idea of an established
military.
That's why the Second Amendment exists,
is that with an unarmed militia,
you don't need a standing army.
Your country becomes inoccupiable.
And he was also against a central bank.
He was also against religion having any
say in politics and everything that he
wanted, of course, was overlooked.
And so he is not the founding father
of the nation that we became.
And so, oh,
the reason I was saying this is that
the intelligence being decayed is that if
you read what Jefferson wrote or any
scholar of that day,
for them a sentence is like a paragraph
for us.
And a paragraph is like pages.
And that is my favorite way to write.
And I realized that even my editors
couldn't follow what I was saying.
And so I occasionally I'll throw in one
long sentence just because I can,
but
for the most part,
you have to dumb it down today.
You have to have short sentences,
two or three sentences per paragraph,
many paragraphs per page.
And if you don't do it that way,
our minds have become so flabby,
we can't process the information anymore.
Now we're doing a vlog on a vlog
because if people have to read more than
ten words, you lose them.
Right.
They're not going to.
Yeah.
Right.
If you want to get their attention.
Yeah,
it has to be a presentation to it.
Yeah.
I'd say part of the problem is this
Voyager thing that, you know,
we stopped doing math in our head,
which means we couldn't form relationships
between things properly using statistical
analysis, probability, that sort of thing.
When the calculator came,
we just stopped doing math in our heads
and you lose a huge amount
attribute of logical thinking and the
relationships between things when you do.
Then we went from computers to smartphones
and people just look stuff up.
They don't think,
they don't really do research.
Now we have AI that answers questions for
you as opposed to you examining the
information and making an intelligent
deduction.
We're trashing human intelligence.
I would say that God must have realized
this,
that if we weren't launched to get this
project done now and get a number of
humans back into the garden,
and then we're responsible for teaching
them and equipping them and training them
and leading them, if he prolonged this,
it wouldn't be possible.
You wouldn't have anybody that was, well,
maybe find some dogs or cats or
something out there some dolphins that
could pay attention but it certainly was
going to be humans yeah this is the
uh this is the one that has the
the golden record on it and everything it
is it is yeah past pluto yeah yeah
voyager one and voyager two are very close
to uh one another they were launched
within a month or so of uh of
each other uh both of them are outside
of our
solar system at this point.
I think they're, if not both,
certainly Voyager One is and Voyager Two
would be close.
And they're in interstellar space.
And I always think it's laughable because
I read a post today that says,
you know, for the last hundred years,
we have been broadcasting signals that
aliens out there could find.
Or we see posts and say, you know,
that there is a possibly habitable planet
that is just twenty light years away.
Twenty light years is is two hundred
thousand years one way.
Two hundred thousand years one way.
Distances are phenomenal.
They're just so far beyond anything we can
imagine.
Saw something the other day where Voyager
one is now one light day from the
earth.
Mm hmm.
That's how far you know.
And so it's only it's nowhere.
It's light years.
Yeah, it's right.
It's just nowhere.
Yeah.
So, yeah.
So multiply the what the thirty seven
years was actually launched in seventy
seven.
So it's actually more than fifty years now
or fifty years,
very close to fifty years for fifty years
for one light day.
So now you multiply fifty years by three
hundred and sixty five and a quarter days
to be one light year.
And even then,
it's only a quarter of the way to
the nearest star.
Yeah.
Traveling at the speed of light.
Yes.
Well, no, traveling at its present speed.
If you multiplied fifty by three hundred
and sixty five and that amount of time,
it would be one quarter of the way
to the nearest star.
Yeah.
So that just tells you how, you know,
it will never get there.
Well,
you don't know that I'm not going to
go snag the gold record off of it
when I get the first opportunity.
Well, you could.
You could.
We're going to have that chance.
I've looked at that record.
I'm not very impressed with it.
But anyway, you know, nonetheless,
it's a knickknack, you know, it is.
So, you know, there's just another
picture of what's going on in Russia and
Ukraine.
On Eksta today,
the story that I posted the most on
was the BBC did a feature story that
broke today on how well would the UK
do because Starmer is announcing he wants
to go to war with Russia.
He wants to put boots on the ground
and go to war with Russia.
And so the question is,
how well would the UK do and how
long would the UK last?
And most people came to the conclusion
that the Ukraine would last a matter of
minutes,
that the UK would last a matter of
that Russia isn't going to engage in
another conventional war and therefore it
would be a hypersonic missile.
The first one would strike London and then
there would be many, many more after that.
And the UK is not going to have
the will to fight with London in flames.
And my response was,
that because of what the US and NATO
did to force the Russians to defend
themselves.
Asher, please don't do that.
To defend themselves from encroachment.
Russia has learned how to fight a current
war.
and it's with interceptors,
it's with missiles and very advanced
missiles, and it's with drones.
Artillery still has a value, but
Russia has equipped itself,
it still has the industry,
still makes steel,
still has the natural resources,
still has the work ethic,
and has turned its economy into making the
things that matter in a war today.
And the United States,
The United States is so out of tune
with reality that they lost the last two
wars.
The Taliban beat the United States and
then the Houthis.
So the United States is lost.
It's only a matter of time before the
Iranians close the Strait of Hormuz
because of U.S.
belligerence.
And there's nothing the United States can
do about it.
Just die.
There's nothing.
You can't take a carrier in there because
these carriers cannot survive an onslaught
of missiles,
particularly the high speed hypersonic
missiles that vary their trajectory.
It can't defend against those.
The carrier is a floating coffin.
We want to deal with the fact that
because we have become so belligerent in
and around Russia and now put our Navy
so that we're poised to attack Venezuela,
the Chinese have now put a cordon around
Taiwan and there's nothing we can do about
it.
Nothing.
We can't get a carrier within fifteen
hundred miles of the Chinese coast.
Anything closer than fifteen hundred
miles.
The thing carrier wouldn't last a day.
And so what do we have?
We have a, you know,
we have thirty fives.
Big whoop that you have.
Thirty five is taken down with the air
defense systems.
You this is not the time for manned
aircraft.
They're expensive and they're.
They're bulky and now a sea of drones
and mixed in with some missiles is how
you fight.
You don't project troops on the ground.
We could no more deploy troops in the
Ukraine or against Russia than the man on
the moon.
It's impossible.
We can't.
There's nothing we could do if Iran
decides to close the Strait of Hormuz.
I mean,
we put ourselves into an impossible
position.
And then because of our belligerence and
with...
venezuela the russians have done what we
were so afraid of them doing back in
the cuban missile crisis they now have
their top end missile launchers and
missiles embedded in venezuela pointed at
american cities you want to screw with the
venezuela tell me which city you want to
lose so we are
American patriots are living in a fantasy
land.
They think that Russia is the aggressor in
Ukraine when exactly the opposite is true.
It was a war that was caused by
America deliberately,
goes all the way back to Bush when
he announced that Ukraine would be part of
NATO and dishonored the agreement that was
made with Russia that said that
if they give up East Berlin and East
Germany to reunite Germany,
that America would never move one inch
closer to that.
NATO would move one inch closer to Russia.
And we've done exactly the opposite.
And finally,
with us running NATO operations in Ukraine
and and
pulling off the coup that toppled the
elected pro-Russian government to replace
it with a pro-West government and then
began arming Ukraine to kill Russians with
the express purpose of this war to destroy
Russia so that America and the UK could
tarp it up and claim its resources for
themselves.
We're clueless as to what we did to
cause this war and so many others around
the world.
and why it's our responsibility that two
million Ukrainians are dead.
And we lost this war.
And we lost the reserve currency of the
dollar when we froze Russian assets in the
United States.
And when we kicked Russia off swift,
we said, we can't be trusted.
And every nation on earth realized the
United States can't be trusted.
And so nations began to buy gold to
get off the dollar as a reserve currency.
And they...
are joining BRICS and they're trading in
other currencies.
The United States has lost the ability to
print money,
to weasel itself out of its spendings
free.
And we screwed ourselves.
We really destroyed ourselves in all of
this.
And rather than admitting that we lost and
surrendering,
we're continuing to be belligerent.
I think that the next city to fall
will be Odessa and it'll leave Ukraine as
a rump state.
And you have Zelensky out there who is
a cocaine madman who has stole billions of
dollars saying we're not going to give up
an inch of land.
We already gave it up.
The moment that new government was propped
up that replaced the pro-Russian
government,
the new government was told and did start
bombing and harassing and killing the
ethnic Russians in the Donbas region and
Eastern and Southern Ukraine.
Russia went in.
to protect their Russians and Russian
speakers, ethnic Russians.
And once they liberated them,
they all voided to,
we want to be part of Russia again.
So those areas aren't part of the Ukraine.
They are part of Russia now.
And to say anything else is just to
be stupid and to be pounding your chest
as Starmer saying, let's go.
What I said in my post on this
was really quite simple.
That if...
Russia decided to respond to a
conventional war against the UK.
Russia would defeat the UK readily.
It's trained.
It has the weapons.
It has the manufacturing capability.
It has, what,
twenty times the size of the military.
If it's a conventional war,
UK is going to get trounced.
Let's just play make-believe and let's
shed a hundred years of decay of the
UK and go back to when the UK
was a colonial power.
And let's then pretend that the UK can
actually beat Russia in a conventional
war.
That's make-believe, of course,
but let's pretend.
What is Russia gonna do?
Roll over, play dead?
No, no.
If we shed a hundred years of English
decay and we make them back to the
belligerent bullies they were during their
colonial period and they were fighting and
you sent them against Russia and let's
just pretend,
play make believe that in a conventional
war,
the UK takes it to Russia and wins
a conventional war against Russia.
What's Russia going to do?
roll over play dead scratch my belly nukes
of course no so there is there is
no winning it's lose lose whichever way
you go that's why this whole thing has
been so stupid from the beginning god just
shut up surrender shut up apologize give
them their money back they just took a
But a hundred billion dollars of Russian
assets, of sovereign Russian funds,
the UK did and the EU did,
and it's going to spend it in Ukraine.
It's an act of war.
The consequence to Europe is going to be
devastating.
It should be.
Where is my reparations?
Good God, we're stupid.
Forty acres and a mule.
Yep, forty acres and a mule.
And where did you come up with that
forty acres and a mule?
Kevin, where did you come up with that?
What was the plan after rebuilding Atlanta
and everything?
What was the Marshall plan was for...
but it was the plan that happened after
the Civil War, whatever.
Yeah,
the plan that happened after Civil War had
reparations.
It was a forty acres and a mule.
Absolutely.
Reparations have already been paid.
And then not only have reparations been
paid, the forty acres and a mule,
but beyond all of that,
when LBJ decided he wanted to have the
Oh, the Great Plan.
The Great Society.
He started a process that transferred
trillions from those who were productive
to those who were not productive.
Entitlements and the like,
affirmative action,
has already paid reparations a
thousandfold.
But beyond all of that,
It wouldn't do any good because if you
transferred all of the wealth of
productive people and gave it to somebody
who, well,
can't even do their hair in a way
that they could show up for work and
be valued for anything that could make a
contribution, excuse me,
but if your outward appearance isn't such
that you're credible,
that there's something really wrong here.
And if you're begging for reparations as
opposed to trying to build something to
make your life better,
there's something really wrong here.
You give that kind of money to a
person who is a dependent,
they'll squander it.
Drugs, alcohol, they'll lose it all.
Wouldn't do them a bit of good.
In fact,
you would probably kill them faster.
But you go back,
it's even worse than that.
The slave trade began.
because Africans and North Western Africa
were killing other Africans.
And they did the same thing that
civilizations around the globe did.
They attacked their neighbor and they
enslaved a percentage of them.
They killed the most vicious of the men
and they took the women and children as
slaves and they used the slaves to do
the work in their country.
Slavery was a part of the caste system
of every civilization around the world,
including the New World.
In Africa,
it wasn't as sophisticated as it was
elsewhere.
And so Africans were warring with one
another.
And they took slaves like everybody else.
And they reached a point where,
because they weren't building empires,
they were tribal lands,
they couldn't use any more slaves.
And guess what they did then?
They just killed everybody.
So the only way you became a slave
is if you lost a war and they
decided that they could use more slaves
rather than just kill you.
So a hundred percent of those who were
enslaved were enslaved by other Africans
in Africa.
And the alternative for them was to be
dead.
So being a slave, horrible thing,
terrible practice, I think is repugnant.
But the alternative for the person
enslaved in Africa was to be dead.
And the slaves in Africa were not sold
to the Americans.
They were sold to Muslims.
All of them were sold to Muslims.
The Muslims were the racketeers of the
slave trade.
They then sold the slaves to English and
Dutch and Spanish and French shipping
companies.
And they're the ones who shipped them to
South and Central America and the
Caribbean.
And they were processed from that point
on.
So my view, it's a horrible system.
But you need to know why it came,
why it was there,
why being a slave was actually better than
being dead.
And it wasn't death being perpetrated by
europeans but by other africans and the
middleman that uh that greased the wheels
of slavery were muslims so if you want
reparations i'd go and talk to the muslims
that'd be a good thing to do but
the fact of the matter is you now
many many generations distanced you have
absolutely no gripe whatsoever so put down
your stupid sign go away
Oh, Black Lives Matter.
We're two for two.
When Black Lives Matter was occurring,
my initial response was to say,
you're complete hypocrites.
Of course, Black Lives Matter.
White Lives Matter.
Red Lives Matter.
Green Lives Matter.
Yellow Lives Matter.
Lives Matter.
They don't seem to matter to a lot
of people.
I mean, if you're a Muslim,
your life doesn't matter much,
but lives should matter.
But the problem I had with Black Lives
Matter was this thing here.
You got these three fingers pointing right
back at you and this finger pointing out.
I had done previously, and I did again,
a research into the Department of Justice
crime statistics.
And when you do so,
what you find is that that uh, uh,
ninety three percent of the time that a
black man is killed,
it's not by a white person,
by another black person.
So if Black Lives Matter,
you're going to be pointing your finger at
yourself and say,
what is wrong with our culture that ninety
three percent of the time that a black
young man loses his life,
it's taken by another black
Young man, what's wrong with our culture?
Don't be pointing the finger and blaming
other cultures.
The second is that if there is an
interracial crime where the perpetrator
is, or the victim is white or black,
then,
eighty percent of the time in interracial
crime, it's the black killing the white,
not the white killing the black.
So the facts do not support your movement.
Not at all, not even remotely.
The facts all are opposed to your
movement.
So my response was why in the world
are people rallying around this when it is
based on a lie and it's covering over
a profoundly important realization that
there's something wrong in the black
culture here and not only America,
but in many places around the world
where murder is a go-to option rather than
words.
Why is the community so destructive to
itself?
And there's lots of reasons for that.
Don't want to do a whole show on
the reasons for it.
I've done it in the past.
There are reasons for it.
And a lot of it is damn poor
parenting.
Mostly, well, both mothers and fathers.
Women are often abused in the black
culture.
Here on I Live on an Island,
it's eighty five percent black and a huge
percentage of the women are beaten.
And they they as victims beat their
children.
And so their children beat their children.
And most of them don't know where their
fathers are.
Father is a sperm donor that goes in
and out of everyone's life.
They don't even know who they are and
they don't raise their kids.
That's not true with everybody.
There's some wonderful mothers and fathers
here.
And I love this island.
I met marvelous, marvelous people.
But the fact is that there's a high
percentage of non-participatory fathers
and abusive mothers,
way too high a percentage.
And that is causing a problem.
Part of the problem is that proper role
modeling doesn't exist.
There's the person holding the sign,
I'm entitled.
And not somebody getting up before the sun
rises,
getting themselves dressed and properly
groomed and prepared to go to work,
showing up at work,
making a contribution at work, working,
bringing home a paycheck.
No,
they wanna be sit around and do drugs
or work.
be entitled and you never get out of
this rut under that basis.
So proper parenting is just not modeled.
I hired so many young black kids on
this island when I was remodeling my home
and none of them could talk about a
positive
parental role model in their lives and had
just the opposite.
I tried to mentor them and tried to
help them and tried to teach them a
trade.
And it blew up famously in my face.
I was robbed for having opened my home
and heart to these kids.
So there's a real problem in the black
culture.
Now,
the other problem here that I have is
that in this particular post,
the Black Lives Matter co-founder, who is,
by the way,
a Marxist and is
robbed Black Lives Matter charities of
millions of dollars.
She is,
She was condemning people who were a
Taylor Swift,
and I'm not a Taylor Swift fan,
but anybody who says a Taylor Swift fan,
you're slightly racist if you're a Taylor
Swift fan.
And yet she is now recorded teaching
students how to be antisemites and getting
around any laws or rules that trying to
limit antisemitism because these little
witches here are antisemites.
And anti-Semitism and Muslim genocide
against Jews has been hugely interwoven
into this whole Black Lives Matter fiasco.
Oh, she's got the Khalifa on there.
Yes.
Oh, she does.
Yes, she does.
They're reprehensible.
I just find the whole thing absolutely
disgusting.
There were sporting events.
You know,
the NBA went all Black Lives Matter and
just stopped watching it and said, no,
I'm never going to watch another game.
The NFL went to it and
I stopped watching NFL games.
Being the opposite of a racist now,
I may start watching NFL games again
because there's a kid that I like.
And he's a kid that's been dumped on.
I like his father.
I like him.
And Shredder Sanders is the kid.
And he's the quarterback of the Cleveland
Browns.
He was...
terribly treated in the draft and up to
this point,
but the kid's got talent and the kid's
an interesting kid to watch play.
And I love his dad, Deion Sanders.
And so, yeah,
I think I'm going to become a Cleveland
Browns fan just because just, well,
I know, but,
but because I like this kid,
I think he's a great story.
So yeah, that's yeah.
But anyway, we digress.
All right, what do we have next, sir?
Oh, goodness gracious.
So here's this.
I'm very stupid.
I got my lipstick on, though.
Yeah, I put my makeup on this morning,
so I can't be as stupid as you
think I am.
Oh, there is not a Jewish-Muslim conflict.
No, no, we love the Jews.
They're our brothers in faith.
Oh, my God.
How in the hell can people be this
deranged?
I mean, if it wasn't for plundering,
raping, enslaving, and murdering Jews,
there would be no Islam.
Islam is literally based upon plundering,
enslaving, raping, and murdering Jews.
Without Jews to rob,
there would be no Quran.
No one would ever have heard of Muhammad
if he hadn't been able to abuse the
Jews of Yathrib and then of Kabar.
So this notion that we're
brothers and sisters and faith and we're
not in conflict with each other.
Islam has declared genocide on mankind and
primarily on Jews where there's extra
bonus points with Allah if you kill a
Jew.
To be that absolutely stupid just is so
irritating that the world is that ignorant
of Islam.
God, there is no excuse.
Read the five volumes of Goddamn Religion.
They're free at yadaya.com.
Stop being like this woman, a nincompoop.
Yeah, the old Rodney King quote,
why can't we all just get along?
Not until you put down your politics and
your religion.
Then, yeah, it's not going to happen.
Yeah, then we have a chance.
We can at least have a normalized
discussion when you put down your politics
and your religion.
Yeah,
this is the great hypocrisy of the world.
Nineteen forty four,
the Nazis fired eleven thousand rockets
into England.
And when Churchill retaliated,
he was called a war hero.
By twenty twenty four,
and they have to say Hamas,
it's not Hamas, it's Muslims,
had fired over thirty two thousand rockets
into Israel.
And when Netanyahu retaliated,
he was called a war criminal.
Hypocrisy, isn't it?
You know, we're claiming that, and listen,
I'm opposed to Israel having destroyed
Gaza.
I think they made a bad situation worse.
I'm not saying that the Muslims in Gaza
didn't deserve it.
I'm just saying that it wasn't good for
Israel.
I don't really care about the Muslims in
Gaza.
That might sound terrible,
but I'm the foremost expert on the planet
on Islam,
and I know that Islam cannot be fixed.
And I know that when those abductees were
brought back into Gaza,
the Jewish abductees to be tortured and
raped,
that the Gazans all applauded and there
wasn't a single Gazan,
not a single one that helped them.
So they have given up all rights to
be cared about.
But the very fact is that Israel going
in to destroy Gaza was harmful to Israel's
reputation in the world.
So that part bothers me.
But the fact of the matter is that
if you look at what America did,
and prosecuting the last World War.
We'll probably not get to it today.
We didn't get to our last one,
but I had a picture of some guys
standing around the little boy before it
was dropped on Hiroshima.
And the United States and Dresden and then
in Japan and Tokyo and other cities,
Hiroshima, Nagasaki,
we killed fifty to one hundred thousand
civilians a night, deliberately.
When we bombed Hiroshima,
we estimated that maybe,
maybe there could have been off duty,
six thousand Japanese soldiers, maybe.
And they would have been off duty at
the time.
And the city of three hundred thousand
people.
We killed one hundred thousand people in a
second.
One hundred thousand people.
And at least ninety three thousand of them
were civilians.
And we did it deliberately.
And then we did it again.
And and Nagasaki.
And we were doing it when we were
firebombing Tokyo night after night.
And we did it throughout Germany.
We fought the war against the Germans
through terror,
through firebombing civilians.
And we want to complain that after the.
Gazan Muslims rape and plunder and abduct,
murder Jews,
and the Jews conducted the most
pro-civilian return of fire in human
military history,
that the Jews are bad and we're good?
You're out of your mind?
You just look at the idiocy of the
Second World War in the Pacific.
The Japanese,
I don't think it's a surprise attack at
all, but Pearl Harbor.
To have Pearl Harbor attack the way it
was with the aircraft carriers,
which had value all out at sea,
and the
Battleships,
which had no value whatsoever,
all lined up like sitting ducks.
And all of the senior officers out playing
golf and everybody else asleep.
And just after we had told the Japanese
we're cutting them off on oil and on
steel.
And we knew what the consequences of
that's going to be.
It's going to be war.
And then we have a radar operations and
they just ignore what's happening.
I don't think that Pearl Harbor was
accidental.
I don't think it was accidental at all.
And every other war that we've been into,
we lied about the cause of the war,
the sinking of the Lusitania,
the sinking of the Maine,
the Gulf of Tonkin, they're all lies.
Weapons of mass destruction in Iraq and
Al-Qaeda being in Iraq, they're all lies.
It's what we do.
That Afghan was somehow responsible for a
nine-eleven, bull.
We lie.
So I think we lied about this, too.
I think we set up three thousand Americans
to die.
But think of what happened after that.
We sacrificed one hundred thousand dead
and three hundred thousand seriously
wounded in the Pacific specifically to
avenge the attack on Pearl Harbor.
Nobody in their right mind sacrifices one
hundred thousand
young men and women to avenge the deaths
of three thousand that's not victory
that's stupidity that's immorality and
somebody said oh you can't have done
nothing good god when your choice is
you're going to sacrifice thirty three
times more people than were killed and an
attack you should never have allowed to
have happened
versus doing nothing and that's the only
option you think that exists?
God, there were so many better options.
Like for example, telling the Russians,
you wanna continue to receive American
wheat shipments and ball bearing shipments
and tank shipments and weapon shipments to
beat the Germans?
We want Vladivostok.
And all we do is we move all
of our long bomber squadrons to the
Aleutian Islands.
And you fly them from there.
They refuel in Vladivostok.
They bomb the living crap out of Japan.
And it's over.
You don't do this island hop.
You don't lose a hundred thousand men.
In fact, it was close enough.
You could even have had fighter coverage
for them.
They wouldn't be like they were.
And when we, you know,
lost so many B-XXIV crews over occupied
Europe.
So yeah,
there were lots of other options in the
Pacific theater that we could have
pursued, but we didn't.
And we actually ended up partnering with
Mao Zedong and against Chiang Kai-shek,
which caused the mess that followed there.
And then ultimately we capitulated to
Stalin who was worse than Hitler.
And so we just made a mess of
the world, but this whole experience,
in uh in gaza is just so uh
deplorable how the world has uh i just
blind eye to what they have done now
the hypocrisy is just rife yeah isn't it
isn't it lucky for the earth that ever
major war that's ever been committed on
the earth has been won by the good
guys i mean we've been really really lucky
Yeah, the good guys won them all.
That's like the first hundred years of
Islam.
They killed two hundred million people.
The first Muslims in the first hundred
years of Islam killed two hundred million
people,
probably raped and plundered an additional
two hundred million.
The two hundred million they killed was
one third of the population of the planet
at the time.
Aren't we so lucky that the good guys
won?
Yeah.
You want to know why?
Islam exists from Africa all the way to
Pakistan.
It's because in the first hundred years of
Islam,
it was the most deadly plague humanity had
ever conceived.
Yeah, submit or die.
But then, you know, they weren't alone.
Look at how ruthless the Romans were,
how ruthless the Spartans were,
how ruthless the Carthaginians were,
how ruthless the Mayans, the Aztecs,
the Incas were.
They were all human civilization is the
story of horror.
We are slavers.
We're mass murderers.
We're plunderers.
Individual men and women can be good or
bad.
We tend to be bad,
but we can be good or bad.
Collectively, we're always bad.
She's an incredibly talented individual,
a hard worker and a fighter,
and she's going to be a very formidable
candidate,
says the Muslim that is so out of
touch with reality that he is also a
Marxist.
Oh, my God.
Have you ever heard this woman speak?
Which voice?
She's got multiple voices.
She's got multiple voices like she's
possessed or schizophrenic?
Because she's actually very well educated
in St.
Louis.
Yeah.
The whole ghetto thing, that's a fraud.
That's not how she actually speaks.
I've listened to AOC.
I've listened to her.
I've listened to the worst of these
progressive Bernie Sanders people.
And everything that comes out of their
mouth is just total nonsense.
I mean, listen, I'm not political.
You couldn't be more opposed to Meghan
Trump than I am.
But the other side, it's pathetic.
It's as if they never witnessed anything
in their lives.
They've never had a job.
They've never accomplished anything in
their lives.
They have no concept of the value of
enterprise.
And they are complete ignoramuses when it
comes to economics.
And therefore, they have the politics of,
well, rob the productive,
give to the unproductive,
and everything will be just a hunky-dory.
No, you'll have nothing.
You'll have a guarantee that everyone is
equally enslaved and impoverished is what
you're going to have.
These people think that you're in politics
to work.
Look at Omar in Minnesota.
She came in by illegally marrying her
brother so she could come into the
country.
She's in a district that's got twenty some
odd thousand Somalis that we now know have
stolen hundreds of millions of dollars and
fraud.
They are responsible for electing her.
She's never had a job in her life
and she's with worth now something like
twenty million dollars.
God, we have a broken system.
None of these civil servants ever leave
office broke.
Ever leave office even a little bit worse
off than they entered it.
Yeah, look at Bill Clinton.
He was totally impoverished and bankrupt,
becomes president.
He's over a multi-billion-dollar trust
fund.
You look at George W. Bush.
His last enterprise was Abusco Oil,
a complete and utter failure.
He's bailed out by the Saudi funds.
He leaves office and he is a billionaire.
You look at Obama,
never had a job in his life,
and he lives in multiple mansions.
They're all the same.
You look at Trump, he came in,
he was essentially bankrupt and going to
prison.
And now billions and billions and billions
and billions.
It's all a fraud that's being perpetrated
on the American people and they go
gleefully along with their political
rhetoric.
It is exceedingly sad.
What's the lesser of two evils when one
side is satanic?
So we have starvation on one side and
Hasatan on the other side.
I'm glad at this point we're not political
because can you imagine having to choose
between MAGA and Marxist?
No, I don't leave my island already.
Yes, there we go.
I'm actually on an island.
This is just funny that they're pulling
me.
They're pulling the landlines.
Back in the day,
that was the only way that you could
have a telephone.
I was one of the first in Los
Angeles to have a cellular phone,
literally one of the very, very first.
And it was actually a full-on phone that
was put in my car.
And it had the handset that you'd pull
up with a little curly wire that would
go to the base of the phone,
just like this little guy here has.
And it has a place that you could
put it on its cradle.
And it had its...
I think they had just come out with
the buttons as opposed to the rotary phone
at that point.
And I remember the first time that I
used it to call one of my appointments,
I was running a few minutes late and
I wanted to let them know that I
was there,
that I had picked up something that they
wanted me to grab on the way.
And so I called and the assistant of
the buyer answered the phone and I said,
you know, I'm in route,
I'm only about five minutes out at this
point,
but I'll be a few minutes late because
I picked up this sample that you wanted.
And they said, where are you calling from?
I said, I'm calling from my car.
Well,
how did you get a telephone line that
long?
Well,
they're no longer going to have telephone
lines,
so I guess they can't be telephone poles
anymore.
I don't know what we're going to call
those unsightly things, but...
I remember the last two houses that I
remodeled,
they had wires everywhere for telephony.
And the first thing we'd do,
what are you going to do with them?
I said, well,
I'd leave them in the wall because they're
really good for pulling.
So if you want to pull coax or
some other kind of cable,
you could use them as a pull wire.
But they don't have any other value.
And they're also filled with coax, too.
Remember coax?
Yeah, those are two bygone eras.
But...
Yeah, the world has changed a lot.
And it's only a matter of time between
now and the time the next device goes
out.
Remember, people used to have radios.
You're familiar with that?
A radio, yeah.
They had record players.
Can you imagine being the top manufacturer
of a radio or a record player?
What are you going to do with it?
Or this kind of telephone.
Yeah, a telephone.
Yeah.
Things are going out of style very
quickly.
And so that phone is part of them.
I'm actually thinking that electric
vehicles may not be long for this world.
We may not be around long enough for
them to run their cycle,
but they really are a... Currently,
as they're currently designed,
they're really a lousy design.
They don't have enough range.
They are way too difficult to recharge.
And the batteries are toxic to the
environment.
They're prohibitively expensive compared
to...
regular gas, internal combustion cars.
There's nothing wrong with the advances
that have come out in electric motor
technology.
That's fantastic.
Now they just need a better way to
generate that electricity.
I mean, hydrogen, I think,
is what will be the next thing to
replace.
I mean, it just makes sense.
Well, so far,
there's only been one person, one company,
I think it was Toyota,
that tried a hydrogen car.
And right now, they're worthless.
So if you bought one,
they were expensive and they're worthless.
So that did not prevail.
Hydrogen is pretty explosive stuff.
So I don't know if we're going to
ever see a hydrogen-powered vehicle.
And the batteries are just not where they
need to be yet for electric vehicles.
And then we have the generation problem.
Atomic energy would have worked really
well,
particularly now that we have the plants
that can actually run on the daughter
product so that we can use the waste
more effectively and we generate energy
more safely.
But
The Liberals had a connection fit with
generating atomic energy,
and we just didn't build enough plants.
And therefore,
that source of energy is not available to
us.
And hydroelectric plants were a wonderful
economic source,
but the Liberals had a fit over that
too.
And so we're tearing them down rather than
building them.
We actually figured out a way to burn
coal in a way that had very little
side effects, but that's not fashionable.
So we pulled away from that.
And most of the world floats on enormous
amounts of natural gas.
And it's amazing that we don't use it
because it burns very cleanly,
very efficiently.
It's not a very good thing to put
in a car because it's too explosive.
But nonetheless,
it could generate power very efficiently.
but uh like america we won't build the
pipelines to distribute it if you don't
have the pipelines to distribute it and
america doesn't have a fleet of of natural
uh liquid natural gas uh transporters so
we can't transport it worth a darn we're
just not in a position we can even
sell our own natural gas so you know
we're we're just stupid in all of this
and so we're uh you know we
We plumb the world for oil and attack
nations that have oil like Russia and
Venezuela and try to control the world
through the petrodollar,
and it's not working out real well for
us.
So energy policy is not about as useful
now as that telephone.
The telephone.
Well,
this post here was that these are all
the different types of humanoid beings
over time.
the Neanderthal over there,
and finally they say,
but only Homo sapiens remain.
And I said, no,
we have Homo stupidus that has
proliferated.
So with so long as Homo stupidus exists,
that is the prevailing form of humanity.
You know,
I have watched here a number of shows
recently on Neanderthals.
And what we've actually found is that the
oldest Neanderthal gene is found,
I think it's Mount Harman in Israel.
And it goes back a hundred and forty
thousand years.
you know, they were using tools.
They were living in communities.
You saw people with tragic injuries,
broken bones and holes and ribs and skulls
and yet those healing and they continuing
to survive,
which means they were in communities that
took care of the sick and the wounded.
And so, you know,
I'm not sure we've progressed very far in
all of this time.
One of the most interesting things is the
research that has been done on the Turid
meteor storm.
Have you heard much about that?
I have.
Coming back around in twenty thirty four
or thirty around there or something like
that.
Thirty to thirty thousand.
There appear to have been around the
world, in the Amazon, we know in Turkey,
but other places in the world,
there appear to have been a number of
fairly advanced community civilizations,
kingdoms,
going back about the twelve thousand eight
hundred BCE that were all wiped out at
the same time.
What it appears is that the Earth went
through the tail of this massive meteor.
And it's called the Turid meteor.
And there were so many fragments of that
meteor that the Earth went through that it
caused this huge amount of upwelling of
dust and debris and tsunamis and all that
sort of thing that it just took down
human civilization.
had to reboot after that.
And we're going right back through it in
in twenty thirty two,
one year before Yao and Dode return.
So the Earth may be in for a
really horrible experience.
Oh, with that and Apophis.
Yeah.
Just yeah.
I don't know if Apophis is going to
hit us or not.
You know, Apophis is a revelation thing.
Friday, April thirteenth, I think,
in twenty twenty nine is when it's
supposed to come about a third of the
way between here and the moon.
And of course, it could be nudged
somewhere along the way.
So we'll see if that causes a problem.
At this point,
I know that Revelation's absolute rubbish,
so I wouldn't...
Wouldn't bet on it.
But I do know that there is still
a lot of concern in NASA and the
like of how close this is coming and
what damage it might do to us.
But we'll see.
This woman,
this is really an interesting discussion.
She wanted to conduct an interview.
She is a true libertard.
You know,
they say that you should be able to
sell a blonde woman's brain for a lot
because it's completely unused.
If you ever wanted to have brain
replacement surgery, she epitomizes this.
She was talking about how bad Jews are
and how good Muslims are by comparison.
And so he said, so, you know,
that dress that you're wearing,
that's cocktail dress.
Why don't you tell me which of the
following cities,
I'm going to give you the best of
the Muslim cities around the world.
You tell me which of these cities you
could wear that dress.
And he said,
lived through the experience and he you
know listed uh beirut and and uh he
said we'll try we'll try gaza and karachi
pakistan and he went through the list and
uh and said so where could you he
said well it's only because of uh of
what you know the us has done to
hold these people down and to oppress them
otherwise it wouldn't be so and he says
so you're going to blame uh the west
for Islam,
that you don't think that the dress code
that you would be violating and their
response to you where they would stone you
to death and whip you to death in
those cities has anything to do with
Islam,
it strictly has to do with the West
impoverishing these people.
And she stuck to her guns and said,
yeah, that's what I'm going with.
And so you just wonder why it's as
few as one
and a million people that actually
understand this religion of Islam and why
it's only maybe one in a thousand of
those that are willing to speak out
against it and hold people accountable.
He is one of my heroes.
He does.
That is the most intellectually gifted
man, I think,
in the media by a long shot.
Yeah, he is sarcastic as they all come.
There's a man I would hope he's in.
I think he happens to be an atheist,
but there's hope for him.
He's brilliant.
Right.
Yeah, Bill Mayer.
Oh, yeah, this is the... Oh, my,
when you have Piers Morgan and Nick
Fuentes,
and one is calling the other an
anti-Semite, you just...
Where do you go with this?
Nick Fuentes, I had thought,
was the lowest form of scum on the
planet.
That's why I was so disgusted when Trump
brought him for dinner at Mar-a-Lago.
He...
He is the guy that wants to blame
Jews for everything.
And you just don't get to be a
more reprehensible anti-Semite than Nick
Fuentes.
He's also the guy that created the cult
that Charlie Kirk's murderer,
he was into Nick Fuentes' cult.
And so you just don't get worse.
Piers Morgan, oh my God.
I mean,
he is so anti-Israel and so anti-Jew,
it just makes your skin crawl.
And what I realize is that while this
is the lesser and greater and our Semite
talking to each other,
the fact of the matter is now they
don't even hold a point.
Nick Fuentes is saying,
what in the hell happened to Candace Owens
and Tucker Carlson?
Because they're so far further down this
chain of we hate Jews than us.
they have ever been.
And so now it's really hard to find
who is the greater anti-Semite in the
world today because Nick Fuentes set the
standard until Tucker Carlson got catarred
and demon possessed and Candace Owens,
who knows what happened to her,
but oh my God, these people.
We are living in a time where the
most popular influencers are out of their
ever-loving minds.
Yeah, and for entertainment.
For entertainment.
Yeah, people follow them.
Tucker Carlson,
Candace Owens have millions that follow
them, and they're reprehensible.
I mean, they're just disgusting.
Oh, my.
You know, there's marches now,
parades going on in Damascus of both
military and of jihadists.
And what they're shouting is death to
Jews.
We're going to Israel.
The blood of the Jews will run.
We're going to kill the Jews.
And so here the United States creates
ISIS through the awakening program.
They destroy what was left of Mosul and
northern Iraq,
and then they go into Syria.
They destroy Syria.
We aided and abetted them through our CIA
because we wanted Assad gone because he
was buying Russian weapons and we wanted
Syria to buy US weapons.
So we created the Islamic State.
The Islamic State then takes over Syria.
And then we join arms with and invite
him into the White House and tell him
how handsome he is and what a great
fighter he is and how wonderful a person.
And they're marching in the streets now
parading to go and destroy Israel.
When you are responsible as a nation for
bringing the Islamic State into fruition
with what they have done,
and then you're funding them and now
equipping them with weapons,
You're as disgusting as they are.
So, you know,
take that Maga and put that in your
pipe and choke on it.
Yeah,
the Druze are just the stepping stone
between Israel and Syria at this point.
I mean, they live in Syria,
but they're going to walk straight through
them.
They will walk straight through them.
Oh, this is the Trinity.
You've got the Jesus, you've got Satan,
and you've got the pooper.
Yeah.
Of course, this is the Babylonian beast,
so it's a thing that they would say
that, okay,
the Pope was urging that Jesus and Satan
just to put aside their differences in the
name of peace.
But normally I would just say that, well,
Jesus with his son, God did this there,
and Satan are one and the same.
But actually this is three of a kind.
These fellows are three in a kind.
This is the Pope, the myth of Jesus,
and Satan, all the same entity.
You want to know who the devil is?
There they are.
Now, Jesus isn't real,
but he's played for all he's worth.
And Satan happens to be real,
but he is the Lord of religion.
And boy, I tell you what, the Catholics,
the last two popes have got to have
been the worst possible picks.
They're both communists.
They're both dunderheads.
You just shake your head and say,
how in the world could there be a
billion people in the world that think
that Looney Tune there is a man of
God?
And how in the world could there be
two and a half billion people
that think God is a man and that
men can kill God.
Yeah.
And that it's okay to eat him.
To eat him.
Oh, yeah.
Eat him and drink his blood.
Yeah.
Oh, well, we'll leave.
We'll leave one time, I think.
It was on your show one time.
I think it was Yoel that was talking
about his little, his sister was saying,
Mommy,
why are they putting Jesus in the
microwave?
It cracks me up every time.
Yeah, I know.
I was thinking of that same line.
You know, if you look at Ezekiel,
that's what he's going to have,
the Feast of the Beast,
where cannibalism will be the order of the
day.
It's going to be my body that he
chooses to eat my blood he wants to
drink.
But he's going right back to cannibalism
and drinking blood.
And yeah,
I was really clear about that drinking
blood thing.
Don't do it.
Pour it out, baby.
You can eat whatever you want,
but eating a human,
it says you can't even touch a dead
human body,
so you can't eat the human if you
can't touch the dead human body,
so he's pretty much net say on the
cannibalism thing, but on the blood thing,
absolutely not.
Yes, Leah?
I read that part.
Actually,
what it says is that the Bashar is
in the blood.
Well, the...
God's point is that our bodies are
meaningless to us.
And so you can eat whatever you want.
That's what it says in Dabatim Twelve.
And that our souls are valuable,
but a soul is redeemed with blood.
So don't drink the blood.
That blood needs to be shed.
It'll be poured out on the earth.
It already has been once with Dode.
It will be again with the Adam of
Parah.
And that this is a marvelous little
graphic.
We'll end the program with this.
We've gone almost two hours.
Now we're at forty-five minutes.
for our vlog on the vlog.
I could do this forever.
This is the easiest,
most freeing experience to talk about
items in the news,
but this is not an item in the
news unless you're watching our programs.
The lesser luminary that reflects the
greater luminary is light.
and the Tree of Life sitting there on
top of these books representing Yada Yawa
and the books that providing enlightenment
for those who wish to avail themselves of
it.
This is the opportunity.
It's there at yadaya.com.
We're not selling anybody anything.
Everything is free.
We don't even track you.
We don't ask you for anything.
And every book is available in its
entirety for you to read.
as well as an index of all of
these blogs and the various places that we
live stream these programs the first ever
blog on a blog and i was delighted
to see wookie do his introduction we'll
tell him he needs to speak a little
bit quieter on the next one but uh
we'll work on that
We'll work on that.
Uh,
and maybe it could be a little more
chatty.
He's only there for like four or five
seconds.
Uh, you know, Wookiee,
I think needs to have a little bit
longer introduction, but I love the, uh,
I love the approach for the, uh,
the vlog on the, uh, the vlog.
So thank you for doing it.
And I hope I haven't completely worn off
your, uh, your ear there.
Uh, Kevin, uh, Oh, no,
we can keep going.
Yeah.
And it's, uh,
for you and you actually got to come
inside, right?
It's only like degrees there.
Oh, yeah, yeah.
Well, it will be this weekend.
I think, yeah, it's very windy right now,
and it's like, uh,
thirty-three out right now.
But this weekend's a high of fifteen.
Yeah.
It's gonna be great.
Ooh, ouch.
Ouch.
Well,
I won't tell you what the temperature is
here, because that would make you unhappy.
That's fine.
Not at all.
It's a big, bad world out there.
It is.
Some places,
it's really nice all the time.
And some places,
other people don't want to be.
So it's a good place.
You know,
I left the places where the weather was
crappy.
Right.
And I'm delighted to be at a place
where it's nice.
And unfortunately,
we don't get to enjoy it.
We don't get much outdoor time anymore.
But at least we can look out there
and say, hey, that looks nice out there.
It looks nice out there.
We can go back and forth between the
various studios, can't we, Rich?
And shorts and not suffer much.
But the beach is here.
It's a minute away by foot from here.
And we haven't been to it in months.
So...
We don't get out much because, well,
of that stack of books there and the
blog.
Hey, we do have some good news, though.
Joe, who you know,
has been working on getting all the books
republished and this new look with the
proper graphics.
Like this one's an entirely new edition,
but it's very close to getting everything
now republished at Amazon and
has launched the new site, which I love.
But he's going to arrive here in a
little over a week and stay for a
couple of weeks.
And we'll have some high quality time to
we'll be focusing on improving and
augmenting the website during that time.
So it's this will be his second visit
here.
And we're delighted to to have him.
He's been my good friend for
oh my goodness um the decades that we
have we've been through the thick and thin
of it for decades so happy to uh
have that occur wookie is now signing off
over there in the uh and the leia
chair uh and leia is sitting next to
uh to rich and it's time to say
thank you it was fun to do the
vlog on a vlog good day